.TH GPVO 1 "2012-03-04" "gputils-1.2.0" "Linux user's manual"
.SH NAME
gpvo \- GNU PIC object file viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gpvo [options] file
.SH WARNING
The information in this man page is an extract from the full documentation of
gputils and is limited to the meaning of the options.  For complete and
current documentation, refer to "gputils.ps" located in the gputils docs
directory.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gpvo
is an COFF object file viewer for Microchip (TM) PIC (TM) micro-controllers.
COFF files are relocatable objects output from gpasm.
.B gpvo
is part of gputils.  Check the
.BR gputils (1)
manpage for details on other GNU PIC utilities.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-b ", "\-\-binary
Display binary data.
.TP
.BR \-c ", "\-\-mnemonics
Decode special mnemonics.
.TP
.BR \-f ", "\-\-file
Display file header.
.TP
.BR \-h ", "\-\-help
Show the usage message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-n ", "\-\-no\-names
Suppress filenames.
.TP
.BR \-s ", "\-\-section
Display sections.
.TP
.BR \-t ", "\-\-symbol
Display symbol table.
.TP
.BR \-v ", "\-\-version
Show the version information and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-x FILE" , " \-\-export FILE
Export the external symbols.
.TP
.BR \-y ", "\-\-extended
Enable 18xx extended mode.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gputils (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Craig Franklin <craigfranklin@users.sourceforge.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Craig Franklin

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
