.TH GPVC 1 "2012-03-04" "gputils-1.2.0" "Linux user's manual"
.SH NAME
gpvc \- GNU PIC COD file viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gpvc [options] file
.SH WARNING
The information in this man page is an extract from the full documentation of
gputils and is limited to the meaning of the options.  For complete and 
current documentation, refer to "gputils.ps" located in the gputils docs
directory.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gpvc
is an COD file viewer for Microchip (TM) PIC (TM) micro-controllers.  COD files
are and output from gpasm.  They contain information used for simulation.
.B gpvc
is part of gputils.  Check the
.BR gputils (1)
manpage for details on other GNU PIC utilities.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a ", "\-\-all
Display all information in the COD file.
.TP
.BR \-d ", "\-\-directory
Display directory header.
.TP
.BR \-l ", "\-\-listing
Display source listing.
.TP
.BR \-m ", "\-\-message
Display debug message area.
.TP
.BR \-h ", "\-\-help
Show the usage message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-r ", "\-\-rom
Display ROM.
.TP
.BR \-s ", "\-\-symbols
Display symbols.
.TP
.BR \-v ", "\-\-version
Show the version information and exit.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gputils (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Craig Franklin <craigfranklin@users.sourceforge.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 Scott Dattalo

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
