.TH GPASM 1 "2016-02-28" "gputils-1.4.3" "Linux user's manual"
.SH NAME
gpasm \- GNU PIC assembler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gpasm [options] file
.SH WARNING
The information in this man page is an extract from the full documentation of
gputils and is limited to the meaning of the options.  For complete and
current documentation, refer to "gputils.ps" located in the gputils docs
directory.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gpasm
is an assembler for Microchip (TM) PIC (TM) micro-controllers.
It's intended to be compatible with the manufacturer's MPASM
assembler.
.B gpasm
is part of gputils.  Check the
.BR gputils (1)
manpage for details on other GNU PIC utilities.
.SH OPTIONS
Below is a summary of the
.B gpasm
options.
.B gpasm
options always supersede any settings in the source code.
.TP
.BR "\-a FMT", " \-\-hex\-format FMT
GPASM supports inhx8m, inhx8s, inhx16, and inhx32 hex file formats.  This
option controls which hex file format is used.  The default is inhx32.
.TP
.BR \-c ", "\-\-object
Output a relocatable object (new COFF format).
.TP
.BR \-C ", "\-\-old\-coff
Output a relocatable object (old COFF format).
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-debug
Output debug messages.
.TP
.BR "\-D SYM=VAL", " \-\-define SYM=VAL"
Define SYM with value VAL. This is equivalent to placing "#define SYM VAL" in
the source.
.TP
.BR "\-e [ON|OFF]", " \-\-expand [ON|OFF]"
Macro expansion in the listing file is controlled using the EXPAND and NOEXPAND
directives.  This option can force either directive to be ignored.  When "ON"
is selected the macros are always expanded regardless of the presence of
NOEXPAND.  Likewise, "OFF" will force macros not to be expanded.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-full-address
Show full address in .lst file at the memory map region.
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-debug-info
Use debug directives for COFF.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the usage message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-ignore\-case
All user defined symbols and macros are case sensitive.  This option makes them
case insensitive.
.TP
.BR "\-I DIR", " \-\-include DIR"
The top level assembly file is passed to gpasm as an argument.  This file can
contain INCLUDE directives.  These directives open the specified file and
then its contents are assembled.  GPASM searches for these files in the local
directory.  If the file is not located, the default header path is checked.
Finally, all paths specified using this argument are searched.
.TP
.BR \-j ", " \-\-sdcc\-dev16\-list
Help to the extension of the pic16devices.txt file in the sdcc project.
Using by itself, displays the all '16e' devices. Along with the '-p'
option, shows only the specified device.
.TP
.BR \-k ", " \-\-error
Enables creation of the error file.
.TP
.BR \-l[12[ce]|14[cef]|16[ce]] ", " \-\-list-chips[=([12[ce]|14[cef]|16[ce]])]
List supported processors based on various aspects. (f => x)
.TP
.BR \-L ", "\-\-force-list
Ignore NOLIST directives.  This forces gpasm to print every line assembled in
the list file output.
.TP
.BR \-m ", "\-\-dump
Upon completion of the final pass of assembly, display the contents of
instruction memory.
.TP
.BR "\-\-mpasm\-compatible"
This option sets the MPASM compatibility mode.
.TP
.BR \-M ", "\-\-deps
Output a dependency file.
.TP
.BR \-n ", "\-\-dos
By default, gpasm generates hex files using ISO format.  However, some device
programmers required a DOS formatted file.  This option will cause gpasm to
generate a DOS formatted hex file.
.TP
.BR "\-o FILE", " \-\-output FILE"
Alternate name of output files. Option effect of:
.ti +0
\-\- If the "\-c" option included in the command line:
.ti +3
FILE.o, FILE.lst, FILE.err
.ti +3
(The "FILE.o" should specified.)
.ti +0
\-\- If the "\-c" option not included in the command line:
.ti +3
FILE.hex, FILE.cod, FILE.lst, FILE.err
.ti +3
(The "FILE.hex" should specified.)
.TP
.BR "\-p PROC", " \-\-processor PROC"
Select the processor.
.TP
.BR "\-P FILE", " \-\-preprocess FILE"
Write preprocessed asm file to FILE.
.TP
.BR \-q ", "\-\-quiet
Suppress anything sent to standard output.
.TP
.BR "\-r RADIX", " \-\-radix RADIX"
The supported radices are BIN, DEC, OCT, and HEX. The default is HEX.
.TP
.BR "\-s[12[ce]|14[cef]|16[ce]]",
.BR "\-\-list\-processor\-properties[=([12[ce]|14[cef]|16[ce]])]"

Lists properties of the processors. Using by itself, displays the all
devices or group of the devices. Along with the '-p' option, shows
only the specified device. (f => x)
.TP
.BR "\-S [0|1|2]", " \-\-strict [0|1|2]"
Set the strict level of the recommended instruction-parameters
(W or F and A or B). The "strict messages" have higher priority
than the warnings. (See: \-w [0|1|2]) [0]
.ti +4
0: Is the default. No strict messages.
.ti +4
1: Show warning messages if one of is missing.
.ti +4
2: Show error messages if one of is missing.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-sdcc\-dev14\-list
Help to the extension of the pic14devices.txt file in the sdcc project.
Using by itself, displays the all '14' and '14e' devices. Along with
the '-p' option, shows only the specified device.
.TP
.BR \-\-strict-options
If this is set, then an option may not be parameter of an another option.
For example: -I -c
.TP
.BR \-u ", "\-\-absolute
Use absolute paths.
.TP
.BR \-v ", "\-\-version
Show the version information and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-w [0|1|2]", " \-\-warning [0|1|2]"
This option sets the message level.
.ti +4
0: Is the default. It will allow all messages, warnings and errors to be reported.
.ti +4
1: Will suppress the messages.
.ti +4
2: Will suppress the messages and warnings.
.TP
.BR \-X ", "\-\-macro\-dereference
Use the source from where the macro was invoked for errors.
.TP
.BR \-y ", "\-\-extended
Enable 18xx extended mode.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gputils (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Craig Franklin <craigfranklin@users.sourceforge.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 James Bowman, Craig Franklin

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
